>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So let's go make sure that that gets
modified.
So let's go to header.js.
>> Brian Holt: We're going to
import at the top, connect,
>> Brian Holt: From react React-redux.
And we're also going to
import our action creator.
>> Brian Holt: setSearchTerm
from ./actioncreators.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now that we have those,
we're gonna need a prop type,
which is down here at the bottom for
dispatch.
>> Brian Holt: So
instead of having handle set search term,
we're gonna change that to dispatch.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: And
then inside of handleTermChange,
which I would rather we have to add
a method called handleTermChange
up here at the top.
handle,
>> Brian Holt: SearchTermChange.
>> Brian Holt: Come on.
>> Brian Holt: So if you're
following along like me and doing
this as an ES6 class, just a reminder,
slash whatever, there's no comma here.
Normally, if it feels like this is
JavaScript, we should put a comma there.
But with EX6 classes, there's no commas.
>> Speaker 2: They wanna
see search GIFs real quick.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And
as soon as I finish this next little bit,
I'll just push up a new branch too.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
>> Brian Holt: handleSearchTermChange,
we're just gonna say, this.props.dispatch
>> Brian Holt: Our
setSearchTerm, you can
do it in either way,
you can do just with dispatch directly,
you can do it with map.
Props to dispatch.
I'm fine with either way.
With event.target.value we
need the event right there.
Okay.
So that, handle search term
chance
>> Brian Holt: Here when we have
the input, instead of going to
this.props.handleSearchTermChange,
now this is local.
Okay, and so we have to get rid of that.
So it's handleSearchTermChange
right there.
But now we have a problem,
cuz we're using goddamn ES6 classes.
What is this here?
Now, if this was the other way
if this was react create class,
we wouldn't even have to worry about this.
But now, because we're doing ES6 classes,
this is not guaranteed to be header,
right?
So now, we have to go back and guarantee
that's always going to be header.
So, we're gonna do
constructor props super props.
So if you ever do a constructor
inside of class with react,
you just have to do this cuz We
get props from creating this,
and we have to parse those up to
react.component or everything falls apart.
So, that's just a mess,
like that should just be like
an automatic, okay I'm ES6 class.
React, super (props), right?
First line always is
gonna be super (props).
>> Brian Holt: Super if you're coming from
a language where inheritance is common,
should be look familiar to you.
But, this is basically saying please
call my parents constructor with this.
That's what that does.
Now, that we've done that we can
say this.handleSearchTermChange =
this.handleSearchTermChange.bindthis.
>> Brian Holt: Which is just making
sure that header is this right there.
We need to assure ourselves
that that is always the case.
>> Brian Holt: It's annoying.
So again, this right here is the reason
why I don't like the syntax as much.
Certainly for teaching, cuz it's
just a boiler plate feeling to me,
and I hate writing boiling plate, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, again, is asking
isn't it harder to do change if you've
put the connect in all the elements?
Isn't it better having to connect
in only the container and
pass the props down in the component?
>> Brian Holt: It's a design decision.
This is certainly just
an easier way to teach.
And I think this is a perfectly
acceptable way to do it.
So, I think what's being asked is,
where do you put connect?
You can put connect in
one of several places.
You can do it in the parent container,
you can do it in the lower container.
I prefer for only header is worried about
search term in this particular case.
So, why don't we make header
read directly from redux?
But you could make search from redux,
and then pass that down into header.
Up to you.
This is just the way that I would
have personally done it myself.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, we need to
finish doing this down here, so.
const mapStateToProps
= (state) return,
searchTerm: state.searchTerm.
And then you would connect
>> Brian Holt: Map
state the header or
map state to props around header.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, let's go ahead and
see if that works now, real quick.
>> Brian Holt: Refresh.
So, nothing shows up cuz I still have
something random as my default state.
But if I delete,
it's now starting to read from
>> Brian Holt: From Redux, so
now everything is working with Redux.
>> Brian Holt: Now interesting, cool side
benefit about this, so now I type House,
I click on House of Cards, okay?
So, I go into the House of Cards route.
Now if I hit back,
I still have house written here, right,
because redux is not temporal, right,
it's living across all of these different
route source state as preserved.
If this was pre, like react like it
previously was, it would have been removed
because that component went out of scope,
so its state would have gone away with it.
Same thing if we go to the home page.
It still says house right there.
Now, that may or
may not be desirable for you but
that state is living across routes
because redux is not being reloaded.
I'm gonna go change my
default state to be blank.
A question.
Push your branch?.
>> Speaker 2: One question.
What is the best jumpstart for migrating
from an existing ES five app into react?.
>> Brian Holt: So the nice thing about
react is, you can migrate piecemeal.
So, you can just start with
the least of your app,
right, kind of the terminal points.
You can have just one page,
right, that's a React app.
And also the Angular app lives
on the other side, right.
React doesn't have to own your entire
app like Angular, or Ember does.
It's fine being just a piece of it,
and then slowly you can just kinda start
replacing different pieces with React.
And then, bigger pieces of React,
until eventually it kinda
takes over your entire app.
And that's definitely
the way I would suggest it.
As much as possible,
one can marry Angular and React together,
and I highly suggest not doing that.
I'd say backbone is as far as I would go.
Like marrying backbone and React, and
I wouldn't go any further than that.
Any other questions?
There is one.
I'm trying to figure it out, though.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: The browse all link
now needs to clear the state.
If you click it when something is in the
form field, the result still be filtered?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, that's true.
So you would just dispatch an action with
an empty string is how I would do that.
I'm not gonna fix it right now,
but you could totally fix that.
>> Speaker 2: Richard is saying,
you can use the syntax Which is the arrow
syntax for handle set search term.
So, you don't have to use the constructor
and it's cleaner syntax too.
And if you don't use a constructor you
can define state as an object inside
the component.
You may want to look up a chat.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I mean I That
there are ways to get around with
the way I did it.
Again, this is a class property,
which is not standard JavaScript yet,
which is why I don't teach it.
If you're comfortable with it,
cuz eventually it will land.
I think it's a stage three prop or
stage four,
borrowing from the terminology from TC39,
the JavaScript standardization body.
There are ways around it, but until those
land as officially part of JavaScript,
I'm not gonna teach them.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
>> Speaker 2: So,
I just pushed the v2-20